Added an image description for loops_image.png (#814)
swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation: _episodes/04-loop.md

Using the oxygen example above, the loop might look like this:

> ![Graph illustrating a variable 'char' being assigned the value of each character in the word 'oxygen' in turn and then being printed](../fig/loops_image.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Loop variable 'char' being assigned the value of each character in the word 'oxygen' in turn and then being printed](../fig/loops_image.png)
```

Reviewer 2: What about changing `being` to `is` and clarifying that we're printing to the screen?

Reviewer: Also, see https://github.com/swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation/pull/844 where @magsol has also proposed `alt` text for this image as well.

Reviewer 3: Sorry! I missed this one.

Reviewer: @spikelynch would you like to make the changes that Maxim suggests?

> 

Reviewer: Based on [WebAIM's tip](https://webaim.org/techniques/alttext/) not to use "image of ..." or "graphic of ..." what do you say to replacing "Graph illustrating a" with "Loop" to read: "Loop variable 'char' being assigned the value of each character in the word 'oxygen' in turn and then being printed"?

Author: Hi - yes, that's good.
